feat: add ListSignal section to the Signals documentation (#3844)
vaadin/docs: articles/hilla/guides/full-stack-signals.adoc

= [since:com.vaadin:vaadin@V24.5]#Full Stack Signals#

> When building a modern web application, you may often need to synchronize the state between the server and clients. You might want to notify all connected clients in a chat application when a new message is posted, or maybe visualize multiple users interacting while editing the same record in a form, or perhaps update clients when the status of an order changes in an e-commerce application. It become trickier when you need these updates to be propagated to clients in real time. Fortunately, full-stack signals can help.

Author: I believe this change was part of the language checking changes, but anyway, your suggestion clearly makes sense.

<4> Decrease the value of the signal using the atomic [methodname]`incrementBy` operation and providing a negative value.
<5> Reset the value of the signal to `0` by assigning a new value to it.

The [methodname]`incrementBy` operation is _incrementally atomic_, meaning it guarantees success by reading the current value and applying the increment on the value, atomically. Each operation builds on the previously accepted one, ensuring that `n` increments or decrements are always applied correctly -- even if there are multiple clients trying to update the value, concurrently.

Since [classname]`NumberSignal` is a [classname]`ValueSignal` with the additional atomic operation of [methodname]`incrementBy`, it inherits all methods, such as [methodname]`replace` and [methodname]`update`, making those operations available when using a [classname]`NumberSignal`.

[[list-signal]]
[role="since:com.vaadin:vaadin@V24.6"]
=== ListSignal

> The [classname]`ListSignal<T>` is a full-stack signal that holds a list of values of an arbitrary type. The type should necessarily be a JSON-serializable one that is supported by the Hilla framework.

Reviewer: While not strictly related, I wonder if adhering to the [RFC keywords specification](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2119) (without uppercase, of course) could be a good rule of thumb in documentation. @russelljtdyer what do you think?

                     onValueChanged={(e) => newTodoValue.value = e.detail.value}/>
          <Button onClick={() => {
            todoItems.insertLast({text: newTodoValue.value, done: false}); // <4>
            newTodoValue.value = '';
          }}>Add task</Button>
        </HorizontalLayout>
      </VerticalLayout>
    </>
  );
}
----

<1> Subscribe to the `todoItems` list signal.
<2> The `value` property of the [classname]`ListSignal` holds the list of tasks. The length of the list is checked to display a message when there are no tasks.
<3> The `map` function is used to render the list of tasks.
<4> Add a new task to the list by calling the [methodname]`insertLast` method of the [classname]`ListSignal`.

Since the `todoItems` signal holds the shared list of tasks, any subscribed client to this signal receives real-time updates when the list changes. As the result, when a client add a new task to the list, all other clients receive the update and the list is re-rendered to reflect the changes. The above example, however, doesn't demonstrate how to remove or update tasks in the list. This is covered in the next section.

[[list-signal-api]]
==== ListSignal API

> The client-side APIs of the [classname]`ListSignal` provides methods to insert and remove items. The [classname]`ListSignal` is a sequential organization of [classname]`ValueSignal` entries. Therefor, its APIs are about how the entries are added to or removed from the list, and how the concurrent operations regarding the structure of the entries is handled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client-side APIs of the [classname]`ListSignal` provides methods to insert and remove items. The [classname]`ListSignal` is a sequence of [classname]`ValueSignal` entries. Therefore, its APIs are about how the entries are added to or removed from the list, and how the concurrent operations regarding the structure of the entries is handled.
```
Also, I think that API is supposed to be singular in this context.
